## 1.0 Introduction

This work presents a critique and commentary about challenges faced by individuals who have suffered as a result of being targeted victims of ongoing nefarious misdeeds and wrongdoings. Such misdeeds and wrongdoings, which have arisen from supremacist designs, are still being carried out by organised entities that are incubated within the Canadian public as well as private industrial sectors. 

The tone of this literature may appear harsh or even scornful, especially to persons who have blind faith in institutions of North American or European provenance. However, this literature may be palpable to a sceptical audience due to the authentic and indelible evidence of shameful and harmful acts committed by Canadian agencies that is recorded within the article titled, "Grim Realities of Life in Canada." That article is referred to as "The File" within this printed documentary.  

The reader can also note that defamation would be a relevant topic of discussion if the good reputation garnered by an entity wasn't illegitimately acquired via deception and duplicity in the first place. The act of gaining confidence of consumers by a private or state-sponsored agency using deception or dishonesty — for the purposes of acquiring any type of power, authority, or advantages including potential ones in a political, socio-economic, financial, industrial, or military context — makes the good reputation gained by that agency ill gotten and undeserved because of the unethical means employed in garnering it.

Moreover, any type of documentary or expose, from a whistleblower, is a composition that serves as a warning and a resource to communities of actual as well as potential victims, of ongoing organised crimes and malicious activities that are being committed by private or state-sponsored agencies. 

Especially in the context of genocidal activities committed by military personnel or by any conglomerate of state-sponsored agents and private contractors, such documented warnings and resources are essential and invaluable for preserving genuine peace, justice and equity within human society. This is mainly because, even when genocidal activities are carried out by entities that have immunity granted to them via pretexts of sovereignty or national security, the acts perpetrated by them to propagate genocide *does not* make those wretched activities any less of a crime against humanity. Therefore, any material evidence that has probative value in exposing those massive crimes needs to be preserved and made available as an educational resource to the public. 

So, the contents placed here, in a publicly accessible domain, firstly explain the type of hatred and xenophobia baked into Canadian immigration policies and legislature, which happen to be identical to the core tenets of Nazi and white-supremacist ideologies. The comparison of Canadian immigration policies with Nazi literature shows identical ideas and verbiage in both, which substantiates the means by which harm doers usurped instruments of public policy, in Canada, a long time ago, so that they could aggress against innocent newcomers and refugees in a cunning and surreptitious way.   

Next, the misuses and abuses of the concept of "Justice of The Peace" within Commonwealth Countries is explained. Here we get to see the mechanisms of a bureaucratic treachery that is enacted via Justices of The Peace in Ontario, Canada against mainly those people who are financially poor, non-white or happen to identify as non-Christian faith groups. Consequently, such a faulty judiciary system has been repeatedly used for decades to authorise enforcement actions that are typically along the lines of ethnic cleansing, forced cultural assimilation, or subjugation. These types of deliberate actions against selectively targeted groups or individuals have continued to be authorised forms of state-sponsored violence, in accordance with racist views and ideologies that support eugenics, discriminatory segregation, or apartheid. 

The intrinsic and inherent racist motivations for doing wilful, forceful and deliberate harm against select groups of people is still being propagated by various North American agencies tasked with cyberwarfare, intelligence gathering, law enforcement, healthcare, and public services via the connection and coordination among those agencies. Such coordinated harm against innocent people has continued to be funded by taxpayer monies, and is authorised as well as approved by legislative and judiciary bodies of Canadian federal and provincial governments.

This overall documentation provides an exposition of numerous systemic components and activities of lethally destructive, racist organisations operating within North America that have been shrouded by government-backed secrecy and funding. Such methods and tools adopted by entities of Canadian, British, and American origins have continued to remain hidden behind a dishonourable and disgraceful facade of legal fairness, fair-mindedness, legitimacy, and objectivity. Such mechanisms and operations have been normalised by authority figures, for carrying out disgustingly incorrigible and tortuous deeds against snared or ambushed victims. The good faith and trust invested by unassuming people in fiduciary institutions has thus been betrayed and eroded due to the guile and deception employed by officers of those institutions in harming consumers. This type of large scale, organised criminal behaviour cannot be allowed to continue and go unpunished!


## 1.1 Relevance to human ecology and significance to the international community  

It is important to note that the types of crimes, offences and violations exposed in this documentation have been directed via dastardly motivations, and cunningly coordinated mechanisms, of private as well as state-sponsored entities of Canadian origin. These wrongful deeds have been, and are still being conducted by those entities to produce crippling and murderous effects on numerous targetted groups and individuals. Moreover, these deliberate crimes have been, and are being committed by state-sponsored entities within, and outside Canadian territorial boundaries. These documented violations and offences include continuous forms of genocide and crimes against humanity committed by Canada that are being perpetrated with the aid of private and government entities from the US and the UK. The substantiating evidence for these claims have been provided in The File.

The types of discriminatory and prejudiced crimes, violations, and offences committed by various identifiable entities from North America, which have been ongoing on a daily basis for decades, have no expiration date. And therefore, **_they cannot be subject to any type of "statutes of limitation"_** under any legitimate framework of justice or ethically worthwhile sense of jurisprudence.

The factors preventing such habitual serial crimes from being subject to any statutes of limitation, arise from:
1. their massive magnitude and scale across time and international jurisdictions;
1. the seriously grievous, devastating, sadistic, cunning, and vile nature of the crimes;
1. the fact that the crimes have been primarily motivated by political greed, wickedness, supremacist ideologies, xenophobia, racism, discrimination based on gender and sexual identity, cultural intolerance, and hatred of non-whites and non-Christians;
1. the increasingly large number of murdered victims, and suffering survivors along with their bereaved next of kin;
1. ongoing intergenerational harm;
1. the abject hypocrisy of Canada, Britain, France, and America in their stance of being globally humanitarian protectors of basic human rights and democracy;
1. the unrepentant and aggravatingly unapologetic attitudes of Canadian, British, French, and American authorities over the past century that continues to add insult to injury for surviving victims of maimed communities;
1. theft or destruction of land and material resources via overt, and covert, crimes and violations;
1. the belligerent, continuous, contiguous as well as unabated forms of such violations and offences committed by authoritative figures against innocent and unassuming victims.  

With these appropriately established levels of awareness and the requisite pieces of introductory knowledge, we can now proceed to the subsequent sections of this documentation to excavate the details of the situation at hand.


<p align="center"> --- End of Section 1 --- </p>
